Adjusts Docker HEALTHCHECK for Kafka from 2s to 5s timeout (#3165)
openzipkin/zipkin: docker/RATIONALE.md

$ docker inspect --format='{{json .State.Health.Status}}' kafka-zookeeper
"unhealthy"
```

### Why default timeout to 5s for Kafka HEALTHCHECK?

Docker `HEALTHCHECK` marks a container unhealthy on the first failure that occurs past its start
period. It is important to avoid false negatives that are host contention in nature, as they can
break orchestration such as docker-compose.

Commands like `nc` will almost never timeout launching due to contention, even if they might timeout
on network connections themselves for the same reason.

`kafka-topics.sh` uses Java and a relatively large classpath. It can be slow when many other
processes are starting at the same time. For example, when launching many containers in Docker

> Compose, `kafka-topics.sh` was failed on 2s timeout after succeeding, causing a condition to break

Author: ```suggestion
Compose, `kafka-topics.sh` timed out after 2s even though the prior run succeeded. This broke a condition
```
